README.md, before:

# The obstacle_detector package #

The package contains a single node called segments_detector which subscribes to sensor_msgs/LaserScan messages under topic /scan and publishes visualization markers with detected segments.

# The obstacle_detector.launch file #

The obstacle_detector.launch runs several laser scanner tools and determine transformations between specific coordinate frames. The pipeline of the scanner tools goes like this:

1. Two hokuyo nodes collects the data from front and read laser scanners respectively. They publish them under topic /front_scan and /rear_scan with attached coordinate frames /front_laser and /rear_laser.
2. The laserscan_multi_merger node collects both of these messages and merges them into one 360 degree scan attached to coordinate frame /laser and published under topic /scan.
3. The 360 degree scan is being subscribed by the laser_scan_matcher node, which converts it into a transformation between /world and /base coordinate frames, and thus providing the pose estimate.
4. The transformation between /world and /base provided by laser_scan_matcher as well as /scan message serve as input for gmapping node, which builds the map of the robot's environment.
5. Additionally, the /world to /base transformation and /scan message server as input for segments_detector node, which turns the scan into a collection of segments that represent the environment. The segments are published as marker_arrays for Rviz. One marker_array contains line list which shows the actual segments, and the other array contain triangle list which shows the area covered by the scans that make up the segment.

Commit message:

Removed topic params from scans_merger. Refreshed Readme. Changed topic in static_scan_publisher.

README.md, after:

## The obstacle_detector package 

The obstacle_detector package provides utilities to detect obstacles from a 2D laser scan or an ordered point cloud. Detected obstacles come in a form of segments and circles representing groups of points.

### The nodes

The package contains several nodes, which are:

* `obstacle_detector` - The main node which converts messages of type `sensor_msgs/LaserScan` from topic `scan` or messages of type `sensor_msgs/PointCloud` from topic `pcl` into obstacles, which are published as messages of custom type `obstacles_detector/Obstacles` under topic `obstacles`. 
* `obstacle_visualizer` - The auxiliary node which converts messages of type `obstacles_detector/Obstacles` from topic `obstacles` into Rviz markers of type `visualization_msgs/MarkerArray`, published under topic `obstacles_markers`.
* `scans_merger` - The auxiliary node which converts two laser scans of type `sensor_msgs/LaserScan` from topics `front_scan` and `rear_scan` into a single point cloud of type `sensor_msgs/PointCloud`, published under topic `pcl`.
* `static_scan_publisher` - The auxiliary node which publish a static, 360 deg laser scan of type `sensor_msgs/LaserScan` under topic `scan`.
